# Vikas_Project_Detail
This repository contains my projects on Power BI, Excel, Tableau and Python

List of projects is as follows:
1. Shopping Cart : (File Name : ShoppingCart_Excel_Dashboard.xlsb) This Excel dashboard provides data analysis and visualizations related to Customers, Sales, Profit, Products, and Orders. It is built using pivots, slicers, formulas, the data model, Power Query, and various chart types in Excel. Users can navigate to specific analysis tabs through buttons labeled with the corresponding types of analysis.
2. HR Dashboard Using Power BI : (File Name : HR Dashboard.pbix) This dashboard is created in Power BI which provides visualizations on HR data.
3. Global Health Statistics Dashboard using Power BI : (File Name : Global Health Statistics.pbix) This dashboard is created in Power BI which provides visualizations on health indicators and affected population.
4. Shopping Cart Tableau Dashboard using Tableau : (File Name : Shopping Cart Tableau Dashboard (1).twbx) This dashboard is created in Tableau which provides visualizations related to Customers, Sales, Profit , and Orders.
5. Crypto Currency Analysis : (File Name : Crypto.ipynb and data file is also attached as "crypto_trends_insights_2024.csv") Data analysis, visualization and model testing and selection is done for Crypto Currencies using pandas, numpy, matplotlib, seaborn and Scikit-learn.
6. Employee Database : This small application is developed using Excel VBA, SQL, and MS Access as a database. The Employee Form and View are developed in Excel (file name: "Employee_Form_VBA_Binary.xlsb" and database name: "Employee_Database.accdb"). When you open the Excel file, you will see two buttons: the first one is "Open Form" and the second one is "Clear DB path to select yours". When you click on "Open Form", it will prompt you to select and save the database path (the database is attached to this project above), and the "Clear DB path to select yours" button allows you to clear the database path and choose a new one if you want to replace the existing database path.
